Feat/allow program list with all taxref (#430)
PnX-SI/GeoNature-citizen: docs/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## [x.x.x](Lien vers le tag) next - 202x-xx-xx

### 🚀 Main new features

> * Allow using all taxref in program list taxhub (#327, #422)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow using all Taxref in programs (#327, #422)
```

* Compatibility with TaxHub V2

> * Research observations in the program are now based on observed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Taxons seach in programs is now based on observed taxons
```

> * If no photo is added to observation and an image is added to taxa in taxhub, then this image is displayed on the Congrats popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If no photo is added to an observation and if an image is available for this to taxa in TaxHub, then this image is displayed on the Congrats popup
```

> * Observation name displayed in program list observations is set based on this "preferred order"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Observation name displayed in program observations list is based on this order:
```

  *  'nom_francais'
  *  'taxref.nom_vern'
  *  'taxref.nom_valide'
  *  'taxref.nom_complet'
  *  'taxref.lb_nom'
  *  'taxref.cd_nom'

### Development

> * Add calls to two API routes taxhub in order to get media types and bibattribut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add calls to two TaxHub API routes in order to get media types and bibattribut.
```

> * Add component taxonomy-research which calls `allnamebylist` taxhub API route in Form Observation Program 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add component taxonomy-research which calls `allnamebylist` TaxHub API route in Form Observation Program 
```

> * Remove list taxhub from cache backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove TaxHub list from cache backend
```

### Release note

> * If you install citizen or update citizen to this version, you need TaxHub version 2.0.0 minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To install or update to this version of GeoNature-citizen, you need TaxHub version 2.0.0 minimum.
```
